---
label: "Website Policy"
icon: "file"
order: 100
---

"vatcar.net" is owned and registered under the current VATSIM Caribbean Division (VATCAR) Division Director. The hosting services are leased from Bluehost. In the event of a change in Division Directors, all rights and access to "vatcar.net" shall be transferred to the new Division Director. Ownership of "vatcar.net" shall be retained by the current Division Director at all times.

All facilities shall have access to a subdomain under "vatcar.net" for their respective facility. The responsibility of subdomain backups is placed upon the current facility team. VATCAR is not responsible for backing up data for any subdomains provided to the facilities. Each facility are granted one (1) File Transfer Protocol (FTP) access. Additional access may be requested upon the discretion of the Division Director. Access to FTPs are restricted solely to the appropriate facility staff members and may not be shared anywhere else. Each facility are granted four (4) standard email addresses for their subdomain (atm@subdomain.vatcar.net, datm@subdomain.vatcar.net, ta@subdomain.vatcar.net, ec@subdomain.vatcar.net). Additional email addresses may be requested upon the discretion of the Division Director. Development of each facility subdomains are the sole responsibility of the respective facility staff. Each facility subdomain shall provide a privacy policy, either by creating their own, or redirecting to the VATCAR privacy policy. VATCAR shall provide reasonable assistance when requested. VATCAR retains ownership of all code done on each subdomain and is considered to be donated content. 

Each facility retains the right to pay for their own independent hosting service as well as their own domain. All facility domains outside of VATCAR must end with ".net" to maintain uniformity. All email addresses will stay under VATCAR. VATCAR will provide redirects to the appropriate domain. All support from VATCAR is relinquished upon creation of an independent hosting service and domain. Privacy policies on independently hosted service and domain may not be redirected to VATCAR, however it may be used as a reference to creating one.